Delete headers for list-images and list-workloads (#2767)
fluxcd/flux: docs/references/fluxctl.md

The arrows will point to the version that is currently running
alongside a list of other versions and their timestamps.

> For those using `fluxctl` in scripts, have a look at `--no-headers` for both `list-images` and `list-workloads` command to suppress the header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `fluxctl` in scripts, you can remove the table headers with `--no-headers` for both `list-images` and `list-workloads` command to suppress the header:
```

```sh
$ fluxctl list-workloads --no-headers
default:deployment/helloworld  helloworld  quay.io/weaveworks/helloworld:master-a000001  ready
                               sidecar     quay.io/weaveworks/sidecar:master-a000002

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

$ fluxctl list-images --workload default:deployment/helloworld --no-headers
default:deployment/helloworld  helloworld  quay.io/weaveworks/helloworld

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
